applications: nrf_desktop: Link doxygen API to rst (#7473)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/README.rst

   doc/hfclk_lock.rst
   doc/event_rel_modules.rst

> Application configuration API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API documentation
```

*****************************

> Listed below are elements of API used by application configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following are the API elements used by the application configuration.
```

HID reports
===========

> | Header file: :file:`applications/nrf_desktop/configuration/common/hid_report_desc.h`

Reviewer: Please give the details of c files also: For example, Source files: file:`applications/nrf_desktop/configuration/common/hid_report_desc.c`

Also, in all the below cases.

Author: Do we really want to do it? I personally would try to expose only the API here not the details of implementation.

Reviewer: I mean to provide the Source file name. For e.g: http://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK_dev/doc/PR-7484/nrf/applications/asset_tracker_v2/doc/util_module.html#api-documentation

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/91891495/169292608-d9d9ad79-dc59-4c07-87a4-433075debf1e.png)

Author: should be ok now

.. doxygengroup:: nrf_desktop_hid_reports
   :project: nrf
   :members:

LED states
==========

| Header file: :file:`applications/nrf_desktop/configuration/common/led_state.h`

.. doxygengroup:: nrf_desktop_led_state
   :project: nrf
   :members:

Application events API
**********************

> Listed below are events grouped by module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following are the events grouped by module.
```

   doc/hfclk_lock.rst
   doc/event_rel_modules.rst

> API documentation

Reviewer: The "API documentation" section could be after the "Application configuration options" section.

Author: moved

*****************************

Following are the API elements used by the application configuration.

HID reports
===========

| Header file: :file:`applications/nrf_desktop/configuration/common/hid_report_desc.h`

> | Source file: :file:`applications/nrf_desktop/configuration/common/hid_report_desc.h`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Source file: :file:`applications/nrf_desktop/configuration/common/hid_report_desc.c`
```

.. doxygengroup:: nrf_desktop_hid_reports
   :project: nrf
   :members:

LED states
==========

| Header file: :file:`applications/nrf_desktop/configuration/common/led_state.h`
| Source file: :file:`applications/nrf_desktop/src/modules/led_state.c`

.. doxygengroup:: nrf_desktop_led_state
   :project: nrf
   :members:

Application events API

> **********************

Reviewer: We could remove this heading as it is aligned to 'API documentation' heading which is bit misleading.

Author: done
